Split out compound subjects (#18)
DFE-Digital/dfe-reference-data: docs/lists_degrees.md

|---|---|---|
| `id` | UUID | A unique identifier. The same as `dttp_id` if that field is non-`nil`, otherwise a new UUID was minted at import time. |
| `name` | string | The long name of the subject, eg "accountancy" |
| `suggestion_synonyms` | string array | A list of common alternative names that *may* be appropriate for this subject |
| `match_synonyms` | string array | A list of common alternative names that are equivalent to this subject. An answer matching a match synonym can be safely matched to this subject.|
| `dttp_id` | uuid | The ID used for this subject in DTTP |
| `hesa_itt_code` | string | The ID used for this subject in HESA |

> ### `DfE::ReferenceData::Degrees::COMMON_COMPOUND_SUBJECTS`

Reviewer: 'Compound' feels like a jargony word to me that I wouldn't use naturally to describe these subjects... Maybe 'combined' or 'joint'?  Would also suggest dropping 'common' as we don't actually have a ton of data to support this other than applications to initial teacher training, and perhaps in future we might even add some less common ones (or existing common ones will become less common).

We could still say in a note that we generally only add combined subjects commonly seen, and don't intend the list to be exhaustive

```suggestion
### `DfE::ReferenceData::Degrees::COMBINED_SUBJECTS`
```

```ruby
require 'dfe/reference_data/degrees'
```

Common combinations of degree subjects (Eg, subjects of the form "X with Y" or "X and Y")

Owner: Apply team.

Users: Apply team.

Source: https://github.com/DFE-Digital/apply-for-teacher-training-prototype/blob/main/app/data/degree-subjects.js

Quality: Manually updated on an ad-hoc basis. Please submit a pull request if inaccuracies or omissions are found.

| Field | Type | Purpose |
|---|---|---|
| `id` | UUID | A unique identifier. The same as `dttp_id` if that field is non-`nil`, otherwise a new UUID was minted at import time. |
| `name` | string | The long name of the subject, eg "accountancy" |
| `suggestion_synonyms` | string array | A list of common alternative names that *may* be appropriate for this subject |
| `match_synonyms` | string array | A list of common alternative names that are equivalent to this subject. An answer matching a match synonym can be safely matched to this subject.|

> | `components` | UUID array | The `SINGLE_SUBJECTS` IDs of the compound parts, in order |

Reviewer: Suggest ending this in `_ids` to make it obvious that it contains IDs not objects, and that an array is expected. Might also be worth explaining what the "order" is.

```suggestion
| `subject_ids` | UUID array | The `SINGLE_SUBJECTS` IDs of the individual subjects, in the same order as they appear in the `name` |
```

### `DfE::ReferenceData::Degrees::SUBJECTS`

```ruby
require 'dfe/reference_data/degrees'
```

The union of `SINGLE_SUBJECTS` and `COMMON_COMPOUND_SUBJECTS`.

Owner: Apply team.

Users: Apply team.

Source: Automatically derived from joining the `SINGLE_SUBJECTS` and `COMMON_COMPOUND_SUBJECTS` lists.

Quality: Automatically derived from the source data, so only as correct as they are.

| Field | Type | Purpose |
|---|---|---|
| `id` | UUID | A unique identifier. The same as `dttp_id` if that field is non-`nil`, otherwise a new UUID was minted at import time. |
| `name` | string | The long name of the subject, eg "accountancy" |

> | `synonyms` | string array | A list of common alternative names |

Reviewer: This needs updating to be split into the 2 synonym types?
